>> A new theory on the cause of
mysterious radio signals from
space.
And UFO briefings have
begun on Capitol Hill.
What have we learned so far?
This is Gaia news breakdown.
[THEME MUSIC]
As we've previously
reported, Fast Radio
Bursts or FRBs for short, lasts
only a fraction of a second
but puts out massive
amounts of energy,
with some putting
out repeated signals.
They were only
discovered in 2007
but have baffled astronomers.
What or who is
sending these signals?
There have been many different
cosmological theories including
attempted alien communication.
But now, a new theory published
in the Astrophysical Journal
says the repeating
signals could be
caused by the interaction
of a neutron star
with its host planet in a
highly elliptical orbit.
Meaning, if the planet's
elliptical orbit
takes it so close to
its host neutron star,
the tidal force
influenced by gravity
would tear fragments
from the passing planet.
And these fragments,
say the researchers,
would produce FRBs.
So far, this is just
a computer model
but it is seen as a good clue.
Astronomers will have to
observe the repeating fast radio
bursts in real life to see
if this hypothesis is valid.
Meantime in Washington DC,
secret briefings on the latest
UFO information have begun.
According to Politico, members
of the Senate Intelligence
and Armed Services
Committees have
begun receiving classified
briefings on the latest
intelligence on UFOs.
But, Politico reports,
lawmakers are not
impressed by the lackluster
response from the National
Security Agencies.
These briefings are required
as part of the National Defense
Authorization Act signed
in December of last year.
The legislation also
calls for the Pentagon
to create the Anomaly
Surveillance and Resolution
Office.
Senator Kirsten
Gillibrand who penned
the Amendment to the National
Defense bill last year
and who has called the
UFO phenomenon a, quote,
urgent issue, reportedly is
not satisfied with the response
thus far.
An aide to Senator Gillibrand
who spoke to Politico
said, quote, Senator
Gillibrand believes
the DOD needs to take this
issue much more seriously
and get in motion.
They have had ample
time to implement
these important
provisions and they
need to show us that they
are prepared to address
this issue in the long term.
Or to paraphrase
Politico, lawmakers
want more serious
analysis of UFO activity,
not just more reports
that they exist.
However, some
anonymous intelligence
officials told Politico progress
is being made, but added,
quote, is there somebody
at a high level who
is an advocate who
owns this problem
and is putting together
a plan to get the answers
that Congress wants?
I think the answer
to that is no.
The Pentagon's Anomaly
Surveillance and Resolution
Office is supposed to be up and
running by June of this year.
For a new perspective, this
is a Gaia news breakdown.
For more information
on this topic,
check out this content on Gaia.